# How To Contribute To This Repository

My main interest for the scripts here presented was to have access to them for
understanding Photoshop files internals, and to share them with others—Tonton
Pixel’s Blog has been unreachable for a very long time, except through Internet
Archive’s WaybackMachine.

Therefore, my main concern was to gather them all in one place and publish them,
less they become completely unreachable—they don’t seem to be found anywhere
else but on the author’s website.

But surely, there is a lot that could be done to help this repository/project
grow. Here are some suggestions…

## Feedback on Scripts Compatibility

Many of the scripts contained in this collection were created for Mac OS, and
might not be compatible with Photoshop on Windows. I don’t have a Mac, so I
might not be able to use them all.

Also, since usually each one of us will be working with just one edition of
Photoshop, it would be great to have some feedback on which scripts worked under
which OS and with which versions of Photoshop.

Such feedback would allow to create a compatibility-list to be added to the
project.

## API Documentation

All of Mariani’s scripts come with JsDoc-created HTML API files.

I thought it would be great to reparse all the scripts to produce a MarkDown
version of the API docs; I’ve even given it a try with
[jsdoc-to-markdown](<https://github.com/jsdoc2md/jsdoc-to-markdown>), but to no
success (not enough knowledge of JsDoc to handle it!).

If the task feels to you like a breeze, then I’d be grateful if you create the
MD version of the API docs—I could add it to this repo as a Wiki.

## More Documentation

If you feel like writing some tutorials, some introduction to the nature and
context of these Photoshop scripting tool, you’re welcome. Good documentation is
always an incentive, and tutorials make life easier to all of us. Presently,
there isn’t much that comes with the scripts except some testing scripts and the
API documentation.

## Anything Else…

If there is anything else that you think might enrich this project—more
examples, documentation, links, resources, ecc.—just fork it and go ahead. Feel
free to contact me, or open an issue—just don’t expect a quick reply, this
project isn’t really on top of my shopping list priorities.
